---
title: Canadian Prime Minister Formally Apologizes for Hot Boxing the Midwest
created: 2023-06-28
author: piemadd
section: politics
tags:
  - wildfire
  - smoke
  - canada
exerpt: 'Justin Trudeau is "very sorry," "wont''t do it again," and "is just a quirked up white boy with a little bit of swag."'
image: images/articles/hotbox/cover.png
imageAlt: Justin Trudeau addressing the Canadian people
imageCredit: Darren Calabrese/The Canadian Press
---

**[OTTAWA, ON]** In a stunning turn of events, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has
issued a public apology for his recent involvement in activities that have
sparked controversy and raised questions about his suitability for office.
Allegations have surfaced suggesting that Trudeau engaged in smoking substantial
amounts of cannabis and partook in a practice known as "hot boxing" the Midwest.
In response, the Prime Minister has expressed deep regret and a commitment to
learn from his mistakes.

As the leader of Canada, Trudeau acknowledges his duty to uphold the highest
standards of conduct and serve as a role model for the nation. With a somber
tone, he addressed the Canadian people, stating, "I stand before you today with
a deep sense of regret and remorse for my recent actions. It has come to my
attention that allegations have surfaced regarding my involvement in activities
that do not align with the responsibilities and expectations of my position as
Prime Minister of Canada. I would like to address these allegations and offer my
sincerest apologies."

Trudeau's alleged participation in smoking copious amounts of cannabis and
engaging in the practice of "hot boxing" the Midwest has been met with
disappointment and frustration among Canadians, as well as Americans. When asked
about the matter, President Joe Biden stated that he is, "incredibly
disappointed with the Prime Minister's actions and the impact they have had on
the American people." He went on to say that he hopes Trudeau will learn from
this experience and make better decisions in the future.

The Prime Minister expressed his remorse, acknowledging the impact of his
actions on Canada's reputation and assuring the Canadian people that he takes
full responsibility for his thoughtless behavior. Trudeau stated, "I deeply
regret my actions and understand the disappointment and frustration they have
caused among Canadians. Canada's reputation as a responsible and progressive
nation is one that we should all be proud of, and I take full responsibility for
tarnishing that reputation through my thoughtless actions."

Recognizing the concerns regarding his ability to govern effectively, Trudeau
has reached out to leaders of affected regions personally to apologize and offer
reassurance that this incident does not reflect the values and principles of the
Canadian government or the nation as a whole. He emphasized his commitment to
learning from this experience and regaining the trust of the Canadian people.

While the apology is a step in the right direction, many are questioning whether
actions will follow the Prime Minister's words. Trust, once lost, is not easily
regained, and Trudeau is acutely aware of the uphill battle he faces.
Nonetheless, he expressed his determination to regain the confidence of the
Canadian people by delivering on the promises he made.

The Prime Minister concluded his address by stating, "Once again, I apologize to
all Canadians for my actions. I promise to do better, to learn from this
experience, and to work tirelessly to rebuild your trust. You deserve nothing
less." Trudeau's ability to redeem himself and regain the trust of the Canadian
people will undoubtedly shape the course of his political career.

As the nation watches closely, it remains to be seen whether this apology will
be enough to restore faith in Justin Trudeau's leadership. Only time will tell
if his commitment to change will be translated into concrete actions that align
with the expectations placed upon him as the Prime Minister of Canada.
