---
title:
  Mayor Brandon Johnson Unveils new Piss Amnesty Boxes at Chicago O'hare Airport
created: 2023-06-19
author: piemadd
section: politics
tags:
  - airport
  - ohare
  - midway
  - ORD
  - MDW
  - amnesty
  - piss
  - pee
  - urine
exerpt: New piss amnesty boxes to be placed at both Chicago airports
image: images/articles/piss-amnesty/cover.png
imageAlt:
  A tall green box, like those currently used for cannabis amnesty, but "Piss
  Amnesty" is written on the front instead of "Cannabis Amnesty"
imageCredit: Piero Maddaleni/Windy City Herald
---

**[CHICAGO, IL]** In the early afternoon on June 19th, Mayor Brandon Johnson
unveiled a new urine amnesty box at terminal 2 in Chicago O'hare airport. This
innovative measure comes in response to several occurrences of passengers
inadvertently leaving bags containing urine in their luggage. Additionally, the
mayor revealed plans to install additional urine amnesty boxes in strategic
locations within O'Hare (ORD) and Midway (MDW) airports in the upcoming weeks.

<br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Recognizing the significance of this initiative, other
major cities, including Atlanta, New York, Los Angeles, and **_especially_**
Paris, have also expressed their intentions to implement similar urine amnesty
boxes at their respective airports. These specialized containers bear a
distinctive green color and prominently feature the label "Piss Amnesty" on
their front, distinguishing them from the cannabis amnesty boxes that have been
in use since 2020. Notably, the urine amnesty boxes are slightly larger in size,
as they are designed to accommodate up to 50 gallons of liquid, allowing for
longer intervals between emptying. According to an O'Hare spokesperson, this
ensures that the boxes will only require maintenance every few hours.

<br />

![A tall green box, like those currently used for cannabis amnesty, but "Piss Amnesty" is written on the front instead of "Cannabis Amnesty"](https://windycityherald.com/images/articles/piss-amnesty/full.png)

<br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The introduction of these urine amnesty boxes represents
a valuable addition to the airport facilities, particularly in light of the
recent surge in incidents involving spilled urine on American airplanes, which
can be attributed to an influx of tourists from Western Europe. Startling
statistics released by United Airlines reveal that one in every five flights
departing from O'Hare has experienced delays as a direct consequence of urine
spillage incidents. This figure marks a staggering 400% increase compared to the
situation in 2019, where only one in twenty flights encountered such delays.

<br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;By deploying the urine amnesty boxes, airport
authorities aim to address this pressing issue and alleviate the challenges
faced by both passengers and airline operators. The availability of these
specialized containers ensures that individuals who inadvertently carry urine in
their luggage can dispose of it safely and conveniently, without causing
disruption or delays. This proactive measure not only enhances the overall
passenger experience but also minimizes the impact on flight schedules and
improves operational efficiency for airlines operating at O'Hare.

<br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As the program commences at Chicago O'Hare International
Airport, the city sets an example for other airports nationwide and around the
globe. By prioritizing the implementation of measures that address emerging
challenges in air travel, Chicago demonstrates its commitment to providing a
seamless and comfortable experience for travelers while promoting efficient
airport operations. The introduction of urine amnesty boxes at O'Hare serves as
a testament to the city's proactive approach to meeting the evolving needs of
modern aviation, and it paves the way for similar initiatives at airports
worldwide.
